Hatred and prejudice will never be eradicated, and witch hunts will never be about witches. \nTo have a scapegoat, that's the key. Humans always fear the alien, the odd. \nOnce the mages had left Novigrad, folk turned their anger against the other races \nand as they have for ages, branded their neighbors their greatest foes
I trust that you now find yourself aboard the Obra Dinn. \nI expected this day to come and my every intention was to tell \nthe ship's strange tale within the pages of this book.\nYour presence on the Obra Dinn is critical. \nI leave the discovery of its fate and the completion of this book in your hands.
Business casual is an ambiguously defined dress code that has been adopted by \nmany professional and white-collar workplaces in Western countries. It entails neat yet \ncasual attire and is generally more casual than informal attire but more formal than casual or smart casual attire. \nCasual Fridays preceded widespread acceptance of business casual attire in many offices.
Because of the laboriousness of the translation process, since the 1940s efforts have been made, \nwith varying degrees of success, to automate translation or to mechanically aid the human translator. \nMore recently, the rise of the Internet has fostered a world-wide market for translation services \nand has facilitated "language localization". Ideally, the translator must know both languages, \nas well as the subject that is to be translated.
If you have a passion for tasting and creating new flavors, perhaps you \nshould consider a job as a flavorist! Flavorists are food scientists who combine oils, \nextracts, and chemicals to create artificial and natural flavors. \nThese flavors can end up in bubblegum, toothpaste, or even medications. \nThe first step in becoming a flavorist (besides having a refined palate) is taking food science or chemistry classes.
Proofreader applicants are tested primarily on their spelling, speed, and skill in \nfinding errors in the sample text. Toward that end, they may be given a list of \nten or twenty classically difficult words and a proofreading test, both tightly timed. \nThe proofreading test will often have a maximum number of errors per quantity of text \nand a minimum amount of time to find them. The goal of this approach is to identify those with the best skill set.
Closed captions were created for deaf or hard of hearing individuals to \nassist in comprehension. They can also be used as a tool by those learning to read, \nlearning to speak a non-native language, or in an environment where \nthe audio is difficult to hear or is intentionally muted.
A teacher's professional duties may extend beyond formal teaching. \nOutside of the classroom teachers may accompany students on field trips, supervise study halls, \nhelp with the organization of school functions, and serve as supervisors for extracurricular activities. \nIn some education systems, teachers may have responsibility for student discipline.
Web designers are expected to have an awareness of usability \nand if their role involves creating mark up then they are also \nexpected to be up to date with web accessibility guidelines. \nThe different areas of web design include web graphic design, interface design, \nauthoring, including standardised code and proprietary software, \nuser experience design, and search engine optimization.
A paralegal is a person trained in legal matters who performs tasks \nrequiring knowledge of the law and legal procedures. A paralegal is not \na lawyer but can be employed by a law office or work freelance at \na company or law office. Paralegals are not allowed to offer legal services \ndirectly to the public on their own and must perform \ntheir legal work under an attorney or law firm.